You're being so selfish.
I'm taking five courses this semester.
I usually eat meat three times a week, but I'm not eating it this week to lose weight.
Sorry, I was listening to music.
When I was taking a walk, I met Tom.
While I was talking to my teacher, Tom pushed me.
He used to be healthy.
I used to play soccer every week.
I played soccer last week.
I didn't use to eat breakfast.
Did you use to live here?
While I was taking a shower, Tom knocked on the door.
While I was having a dinner, Tom broke a cup.
Why are you being so nice to me today?
She lives in Seoul.
She's living in a hotel because she couldn't find a new house.
You're always losing things!
He is polite.
He is being polite.
I rode a bike yesterday.
I was riding a bike yesterday.
Tom never calls me first.
When my mom came in, I wasn't practicing the piano.
Where are you studying now?
Where do you usually study?
Tom asks too many personal questions.
Why didn't you call me last night? I was waiting.
I see you.
I used to be lonely, but I'm happy now.
We used to meet everyday.
I didn't use to get up early in the morning.
Did you use to wear a school uniform?
I have just arrived at the airport.
Tom has already done his homework.
It has been cold since last week.
She has gone to America.
Tom has never been to America.
How long have you been staying in this hotel?
I have met Tom three times this month.
How many friends have you made since you moved here?
What countries have you been to?
He has been sick since yesterday.
Jane has been crying for one hour.
Brazil has won the World Cup five times so far.
Tom has been doing great this season.
Yes, He has won all the games.
Tom has been studying really lately.
Tom has changed since he became a college student.
It's been cold all day.
I went to America 2 years ago.
I have been to America before.
What did Tom say?
I haven't talked to him. He has been busy these days.
Haven't you done your homework yet?
Who won?
Have you seen my car key? Oh, I found it!
This bag has been here since this morning.
Crime has been increasing in this area.
I have made this only once.
He was asleep when I got home.
How long have you been looking for a job?
I have liked chocolate since I was young.
I lived in Busan for 2 years.
He hasn't shown up yet.
He didn't show up yesterday.
When I turned on TV, the show had already started.
I went to airport yesterday, Tom had left.
Tom had left before I arrived.
when you called me, I was watching a movie.
You have been watching TV since 10.
I had been watching a movie just for 10 minutes when you called me.
I have already watched it.
I had already watched it.
I made a lot of friends when I was studying TOEFL last year.
I have been waiting since 9.
How long have you been here?
I have watched the movie 3 times.
You have been eating a lot lately.
I haven't seen Tom for a long time.
I hadn't seen foreigners before I came to America.
I have owned this car for 10 years.
Tom and Jane have been dating for 3 years.
I'll clean.
I'm going to America tomorrow.
Are you going to meet Tom tonight?
It will be raining when the class is over.
Don't call me at 9. I will be working.
I will have finished by 9pm.
I will have retired by the time I am 65.
I will have known her for 20 years by next year.
I will study until Tom arrives.
Let me know if she comes.
If he calls you tomorrow, Let him know about the party.
We will have been married for 30 years by next month.
I will be working at this time tomorrow.
I will be studying at the library this evening.
I will have lived in Japan for a year by next week.
By the time you come back from your vacation, We will have finished the project.
By the time you arrive, Tom will have gone.
By the time I arrived, Tom had already gone.
I'm going to work on next weekend.
If I go there tomorrow, I'll call you.
Let's get out here before he wakes up.